Adds list to REST API reference page (#4128)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index.md

layout: default
title: REST API reference
nav_order: 1
has_toc: false
has_children: true
nav_exclude: true
redirect_from:
  - /opensearch/rest-api/index/
---

# REST API reference

> You can use REST APIs for most operations in OpenSearch. The OpenSearch REST API reference includes the paths, HTTP verbs, supported parameters, request body details, and example responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use REST APIs for most operations in OpenSearch. The OpenSearch REST API reference includes path and HTTP methods, supported parameters, and request body details for the APIs, as well as example requests and responses.
```
Or something like that.
